Almost done, we learned a lot about vuejs throughout this course. A lot about its basics,
its syntax, its usage and the different pieces or the different features
it offers us. Now in the last module when we had a look at routing, we really made a major step towards
building large applications with vuejs or single page applications to begin with but that also
tend to be rather big applications.
Now if we talk about bigger applications, there's one additional thing we haven't discussed yet, that
is a better way of state management.
We touched on state management in other modules when we used custom events to pass data from a child
to a parent component or props to do it the other way or when we used the event bus. In this module,
we'll learn about yet another possibility of managing our state, one which is especially suited for
bigger applications where all the other ways will give you some problems sooner or later.
So let's have a look at this pattern or this state management system which is called vuex.